Minutes for 2021-05-06 meeting (#969)
HSF/hsf.github.io: organization/_posts/2021/2021-05-06-coordination.md

### Google Summer of Code

GSoC administrators have requested slots for all proposals where they received a good proposal (~27).

### Proposal for DUNE Framework Requirements Review

Framework requirements review kick-off to be held next week (probably Mon. or Tues., time to be settled by the end of the week).  Review mini-workshop will be during the week of May 24th or May 31st.

## Working Group Updates

### Data Analysis

Second instance of "Wider HEP/NP analysis community" meetings yesterday. Agenda with recording & live notes [here](https://indico.cern.ch/event/1033484/).

* Excellent, interesting talks from FAIR/GSI, LZ, Xenon
* Highlights:
    * Sharing of basic SW framework and dynamic computing resource allocation at GSI
    * Effective Gitlab CI, common analysis SW in LZ
    * 100% python framework at Xenon
* Put together our own "talking points"
    * DUNE framework review -- generalisable?
    * How have (some, smaller?) experiments managed to converge on one analysis framework
    * Keen to revisit discussion on recognition (always a popular topic!)

> Need to define agenda for next instance, was for 19 May, but perhaps we should postpone a week to avoid vCHEP...

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Need to define an agenda for the next instance, currently scheduled for 19 May but perhaps we should postpone it to a week later to avoid vCHEP...
```

[Analysis metadata "constraints" rough draft](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1zT5tPCtiNfuRm8ywKNbaNGvXGtCZYaO-GOj77pV2BEY/edit#) written, to share with community for comments soon:

* Already solicited comments from Paul (thanks!)
* Feel free to add yours

### Detector Simulation

- Next meeting 10th May on simulation for solid state microphysics:
    - <https://indico.cern.ch/event/1016632/>
- Provisional next meeting 7th June on [pyg4ometry](http://www.pp.rhul.ac.uk/bdsim/pyg4ometry/) (see also <https://arxiv.org/abs/2010.01109>) package for geometry construction

>     - Likely of interest to Reconstruction/Triggers and Python WGs? (literally set it up last couple of days so not advertised yet!).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Likely of interest to Reconstruction/Triggers and Python WGs? (literally set it up a couple of days ago, so not advertised yet!).
```

### Event Generators

- Started series of meetings to gather feedback for LHCC Review 2:
    - Had a very productive meeting with Sherpa authors on 22nd April
        - They showed a number of CPU improvements recently implemented and/or in the pipeline
        - We discussed some very interesting "bigger picture" ideas such as creating a "global" modular plug-and-play generator interface 
    - We have an HSF Generators WG meeting this afternoon:
        - LHCC Review 2 input from EvtGen (Photos also invited to contribute).
        - Update on MadGraph5_aMC@NLO migration to GPUs
    - The next meeting will probably be on May 20th (Pythia)
    - Then one on May 27th and others from early June (Powheg, Madgraph, Herwig to be scheduled precisely).
        - Has been a bit hard in places to pin people down!

### Frameworks

Monthly informal "coffee" delayed one week until May 12.

---

## AOB

### CAF and Roundtable

* Roundtable meeting was this week on User-centred Design: <https://indico.jlab.org/event/420/#day-2021-05-04>
* Compute accelerator forum meeting next week (Wed 12) on Alpaka: <https://indico.cern.ch/event/975010/>

### Webpage

> - Cannot properly deploy to github pages from fork of repository (links won't properly resolve)?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Cannot properly deploy to github pages from a fork of the repository (links won't properly resolve)?
```
